Cd artifact digest cds 72094 (#2368)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/x-platform-cd-features/services/artifact-sources.md

12. In **Tag**, enter or select the [Docker image tag](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/tag/) for the image.
    
    ![](static/kubernetes-services-09.png)
<!-- CDS-71711 -->

> 13. Optionally, you can select the **Digest** for the image you want to use. Specifying an image by tag and digest (rather than tag alone) is useful when you want to deploy an image with a fixed digest/SHA for your service. 
> 
>   :::note 
> 
>   This option is behind the feature flag `CD_NG_DOCKER_ARTIFACT_DIGEST`. Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature. 
> 
>   If an image with the specified tag/digest combination does not exist in the artifact registry, the pipeline will fail.
> 
>   :::
> 14. Select **Submit**. The Artifact is added to the Service Definition.
>  <!-- CDS-71711 -->
> 
> 
> The Artifact is added to the Service Definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
13. To specify an image digest, use **Digest** and the unique identifier for the image you want to use. Specifying an image by tag and digest (rather than tag alone) is useful when you want to deploy an image with a fixed digest/SHA for your service. 

  :::note 

  This option is behind the feature flag `CD_NG_DOCKER_ARTIFACT_DIGEST`. Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature. 

  If an image with the specified tag/digest combination does not exist in the artifact registry, the pipeline execution will fail.

  :::
14. Select **Submit**. The artifact is added to the service.
 <!-- CDS-71711 -->

```

    Images in repos need to reference a path starting with the project Id that the artifact is in, for example: `myproject-id/image-name`.
13. In **Tag**, enter or select the [Docker image tag](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/tag/) for the image or select a [runtime input or expression](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/references/runtime-inputs/).
    
    ![](./static/kubernetes-services-10.png)
    
    If you use runtime input, when you deploy the pipeline, Harness will pull the list of tags from the repo and prompt you to select one.
 <!-- CDS-71711 -->
14. Optionally, you can select the **Digest** for the image you want to use. Specifying an image by tag and digest (rather than tag alone) is useful when you want to deploy an image with a fixed digest/SHA for your service. 

  :::note 

  This option is behind the feature flag `CD_NG_DOCKER_ARTIFACT_DIGEST`. Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature. 

  If an image with the specified tag/digest combination does not exist in the artifact registry, the pipeline will fail.

  :::
14. Select **Submit**. 
 <!-- CDS-71711 -->
    

>     The Artifact is added to the **Service Definition**.

Reviewer: see review of the same text above

    :::note 

    If you used Fixed Value in **Version** and Harness is not able to fetch the image tags, ensure that the GCP service account key used in the GCP connector credentials, or in the service account used to install the Harness delegate, has the required permissions. See the **Permissions** tab in this documentation. 
   
    :::

    If you use runtime input, when you deploy the pipeline, Harness will pull the list of tags from the repo and prompt you to select one.

    ![](static/kubernetes-services-11.png)

 <!-- CDS-71711 -->
20. Optionally, you can select the **Digest** for the image you want to use. Specifying an image by tag and digest (rather than tag alone) is useful when you want to deploy an image with a fixed digest/SHA for your service. 

    :::note 

    This option is behind the feature flag `CD_NG_DOCKER_ARTIFACT_DIGEST`. Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature. 

    If an image with the specified tag/digest combination does not exist in the artifact registry, the pipeline will fail.

    :::
21. Select **Submit**. The Artifact is added to the Service Definition.
 <!-- CDS-71711 -->

>     The Artifact is added to the **Service Definition**.

Reviewer: see review of the same text above

    ![ECR artifact details](static/74fe6d9189f8f18b2e854598026ab1db27944dab47c3056f4ffaaab93582242a.png)
    
    If you use runtime input, when you deploy the pipeline, Harness will pull the list of tags from the repo and prompt you to select one.
 <!-- CDS-71711 -->
13. Optionally, you can select the **Digest** for the image you want to use. Specifying an image by tag and digest (rather than tag alone) is useful when you want to deploy an image with a fixed digest/SHA for your service. 

  :::note 

  This option is behind the feature flag `CD_NG_DOCKER_ARTIFACT_DIGEST`. Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature. 

  If an image with the specified tag/digest combination does not exist in the artifact registry, the pipeline will fail.

  :::
14. Select **Submit**. 
 <!-- CDS-71711 -->
    

>     The Artifact is added to the Service Definition.

Reviewer: see review of the same text above

    ![](static/kubernetes-services-13.png)
    
    If you use runtime input, when you deploy the pipeline, Harness will pull the list of tags from the repo and prompt you to select one.
 <!-- CDS-71711 -->
14. Optionally, you can select the **Digest** for the image you want to use. Specifying an image by tag and digest (rather than tag alone) is useful when you want to deploy an image with a fixed digest/SHA for your service. 

  :::note 

  This option is behind the feature flag `CD_NG_DOCKER_ARTIFACT_DIGEST`. Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature. 

  If an image with the specified tag/digest combination does not exist in the artifact registry, the pipeline will fail.

  :::
15. Select **Submit**. The Artifact is added to the Service Definition.
 <!-- CDS-71711 -->

> The artifact is added to the Service Definition.

Reviewer: see review of the same text above

    ![](static/kubernetes-services-14.png)
    
    If you use runtime input, when you deploy the pipeline, Harness will pull the list of tags from the repo and prompt you to select one.

 <!-- CDS-71711 -->
14. Optionally, you can select the **Digest** for the image you want to use. Specifying an image by tag and digest (rather than tag alone) is useful when you want to deploy an image with a fixed digest/SHA for your service. 

  :::note 

  This option is behind the feature flag `CD_NG_DOCKER_ARTIFACT_DIGEST`. Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature. 

  If an image with the specified tag/digest combination does not exist in the artifact registry, the pipeline will fail.

  :::
14. Select **Submit**. 
 <!-- CDS-71711 -->
    

>     The Artifact is added to the Service Definition.

Reviewer: see review of the same text above

    
    ![](static/kubernetes-services-16.png)
14. If you use runtime input, when you deploy the pipeline, Harness will pull the list of tags from the repo and prompt you to select one.
 <!-- CDS-71711 -->
15. Optionally, you can select the **Digest** for the image you want to use. Specifying an image by tag and digest (rather than tag alone) is useful when you want to deploy an image with a fixed digest/SHA for your service. 

  :::note 

  This option is behind the feature flag `CD_NG_DOCKER_ARTIFACT_DIGEST`. Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature. 

  If an image with the specified tag/digest combination does not exist in the artifact registry, the pipeline will fail.

  :::
16. Select **Submit**. The Artifact is added to the Service Definition.
 <!-- CDS-71711 -->

> 

Reviewer: see review of the same text above

12. In **Package Type**, select the type of package you are using.
13. In **Package Name**, select the name of the package.
14. In **Version**, select the version to use. 
<!-- CDS-71711 -->
15. Optionally, you can select the **Digest** for the image you want to use. Specifying an image by digest is useful when you want to deploy an image with a fixed digest/SHA for your service. 

  :::note 

  This option is behind the feature flag `CD_NG_DOCKER_ARTIFACT_DIGEST`. Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature. 

  If an image with the specified tag/digest combination does not exist in the Github Package registry repository, the pipeline will fail.

  :::

> 15. Select **Submit**. The Artifact is added to the Service Definition.

Reviewer: see review of the same text above

- SHA value of `schemaVersion1`: `<+artifacts.primary.metadata.SHA>` (same stage) or `<+pipeline.stages.[stage Id].spec.artifacts.primary.metadata.SHA>`.
- SHA value of `schemaVersion2`: `<+artifacts.primary.metadata.SHAV2>` (same stage) or `<+pipeline.stages.[stage Id].spec.artifacts.primary.metadata.SHAV2>`.

If the service is configured to use an image with a specific digest, you can access the digest using 

> `<+pipeline.stages.s1.spec.artifacts.primary.digest>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`<+pipeline.stages.STAGE_ID.spec.artifacts.primary.digest>`.
```
